Princess clear Thank you, Warlock, for letting me test out my puzzle-making skills... You may now kill me!
Warlock clear I'm sorry what? You were the Knight all along? I don't understand...
Warlock clear And you want me to kill you? Aren't you scared? Why did you help me get all the way here?
Princess clear ...because...I wanted my death to have meaning...
Princess clear ...I want to die...ever since I was born into this family...keeping me locked in my room all day...
Princess clear ...not allowing me to be my own person...everything is about inhereting the throne...
Princess clear ...my parents, the King and Queen...they don't see me as a person...just as an asset...
Princess clear ...the only one who ever treated me as a person...was the Knight...and now...for a short while...you...
Warlock clear The Knight? I don't understand.
Princess clear ...the armor that I wore, was worn by a very kind soul, a knight who worked in the castle, he treated me like his daughter...
Princess clear ...he would often bring me sweets and fun magical items from markets, he would tell me stories of his adventures...
Princess clear ...well, they were mostly made-up, but for me, it meant everything...
Princess clear ...one day, he got deathly ill, but instead of revealing that, he asked me to bury his body and keep his armor...
Princess clear ...so that I could wear it and go outside, pretending I'm him, so my parents wouldn't notice.
Warlock clear Then why? Why did you do all this?
Princess clear ...I told you...my life has no meaning...I had my fun with you...I overheard your need for my blood so I set up this little game for us...
Princess clear ...I hope you enjoyed it, I worked really hard on it, now it's time for your reward.
Warlock clear No, you can't do this to me... If it's like this... I don't want it anymore.
Princess clear ...You need my blood to become a Witch, right? For the spell, I heard you reading the recipe...
Princess clear ...For what it's worth, I think you already are a great Witch, but please, accept my blood...
Warlock clear No. I can't do it. Let's escape together. You can come to my village in the forest. You can live a quiet life there.
Princess clear ...Thanks for the offer, but I can't...they'll look for me...think you kidnapped me...and kill you...
Princess clear ...Please...end my life...that is what I want...and please...give my death meaning...
Warlock clear ...
Princess clear ...There's a dagger next to my bed, take it, and make the scene look as if an assassin broke in and murdered both the Knight and I...
Warlock clear ...